[API] Visit patch request to start next stage (#7479)
aces/Loris: modules/api/docs/LorisRESTAPI_v0.0.4-dev.md

}
```

A PUT request with only the Meta fields will create the VisitLabel
for this candidate, in an unstarted stage if the Visit label provided is valid.

> A PATCH request with the Meta fields and a date NextStageDate will start the next stage, if the stage is 'Not Started' and the CandID and Visit label provided are valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A PATCH request with the Meta fields and a Stages property that contains a Date and a Status == 'In Progress' will start the next stage, if the current stage is 'Not Started' and the CandID and Visit label provided are valid.
```

}
```

A PUT request with only the Meta fields will create the VisitLabel
for this candidate, in an unstarted stage if the Visit label provided is valid.

A PATCH request of the form:
```js
{
    "CandID"  : 317604,
    "Visit"   : 'Visit 01',
    "Site"    : 'DCC',
    "Battery" : 'Stale',
    "Project" : 'Pumpernickel',
    "Stages" : {
        "Screening" :  {
            "Date" : "YYYY-MM-DD",
            "Status" : "Pass|Failure|Withdrawal|In Progress"
        },
        "Visit" : {
            "Date" : "YYYY-MM-DD",
            "Status" : "Pass|Failure|Withdrawal|In Progress"
        },
        "Approval" : {
            "Date" : "YYYY-MM-DD",
            "Status" : "Pass|Failure|Withdrawal|In Progress"
        }
    }
}
```
will update the stages date and status. 

> At this moment, we only support requests for the Visit stage with the In progress status,

Reviewer 2: It's not clear to me what this means for the other fields. Should they be left out of the request? Included with garbage data?

Author: I removed the other fields.
